## Page Title

C Baily Law, LLC

## Hero

### Heading

Direct access to unparalleled expertise

### Hero Text

Government regulators relied on Christine for her legal advice for
decades. Now she offers this unparalleled expertise to help businesses
and professionals address the legal risks and requirements in regulated
industries. She provides direct access to clients so they can work
one-on-one with the lawyer handling their legal concerns. 

### Call To Action Button

Contact Us

## Our Services

### Cannabis & Hemp

As the founding General Counsel of the first state agency in the
Northeast to stand up the medical- and adult-use cannabis industries,
Christine can leverage her experience and expertise to help cannabis and
hemp businesses navigate the legal requirements and risks of
cultivating, manufacturing, delivering, transporting, storing, selling,
and testing. For business owners looking to expand, she can help weigh
the benefits and risks of operating in multiple states.

### Medical-Use Cannabis

If you are a healthcare professional, C Baily Law LLC can answer your
questions about the implications of certifying adult, pediatric, or
out-of-state patients to use medical-use marijuana for your license and
practice. Christine can help you understand the current state of the
law, and how changes to the law may impact your future business. 

### Administrative Law

If you are licensed or registered with a state agency responding to an
investigation, audit, or other inquiries from regulators, including if
your license has been suspended or revoked, C Baily Law LLC can respond
to and challenge governmental actions impacting your business, including
representing you before an administrative agency or reviewing court.

### Appellate Litigation

With years of experience appearing before and working for appellate
courts, including two state supreme courts, Christine can advise clients
on whether and when it makes sense to pursue an appeal. While she has a
broad range of expertise in this area, she is uniquely qualified to
represent business owners and professionals challenging adverse
governmental actions on appeal. 

## About Us

Christine Baily has 20+ years of experience in the private and public
sectors, including advising governmental agencies and officials on the
legal requirements for business owners and professionals operating in
regulated industries. As a solo practitioner, Christine works directly
with clients offering a unique expertise that helps them achieve their
objectives.

## What makes C Baily Law LLC unique

Here's what people are saying about Christine Baily and her legal
expertise.

### Testimonials

"I highly recommend Christine to clients seeking expert guidance
navigating complex regulatory situations. I have worked closely with
her, and she brings tenacious advocacy and deep industry experience to
achieve practical solutions."

> \- A state government lawyer.

"Christine has a remarkable aptitude of tackling the issues brought to
her by her clients with humility, keen sensitivity, and, invariably,
from an angle not previously contemplated by the client."

-A federal government lawyer.

### In the press

Commonwealth Magazine reported on an amicus brief submitted in the
matter [[Mederi, Inc]{.underline}. v. [City of Salem]{.underline}, a
case before the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court (SJC):]{.mark}

> "[Christine Baily, an attorney for the Cannabis Control Commission ...
> notes the inconsistency in the law. Baily writes that by granting
> municipalities exclusive control over the host community agreement
> process, municipalities have authority over who can seek state
> licensure."]{.mark}
>
> [-- [[SJC takes up local control of marijuana
> licensing]{.underline}](https://commonwealthmagazine.org/marijuana/sjc-takes-up-local-control-of-marijuana-licensing/.)]{.mark}

When the SJC issued its decision, [Mederi, Inc]{.underline}. v. [City of
Salem]{.underline}, [488 Mass. 60 (2021)]{.mark}, the Boston Bar
Association noted that the court raised "valuable questions about the
purposes of HCAs." [[Massachusetts High Courts Weigh In On the Limits of
Local Control Over Cannabis Businesses - Boston Bar
Association]{.underline}](https://bostonbar.org/journal/massachusetts-high-courts-weigh-in-on-the-limits-of-local-control-over-cannabis-businesses/).
These questions reflected its close consideration of the points made in
her brief.

## Contact Us

Please let me know if you are seeking a free evaluation of whether the
firm can represent you in a legal matter.

11 Adams Street

Arlington, MA 02474

[(617) 610-9798]{.underline}

**Insert Clio contact form here.**

## Footer

Thank you for visiting the website of C Baily Law LLC. Information
offered on the website is intended for informational purposes only and
should not be considered legal advice.
